Art Room
That was a refreshing nap.
You're treating this room
like your own home.
True.
This is my second home.
Sakura and the girls want to hang out.
Toying with Senpai is fun,
but I think I'll make it a girl-talk day.
Later, Senpai!
Girl talk...
I wonder what they'd be talking about.
I guess she'll come get it after school.
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
Senpai... Were You... Listening to What I Said...?
The first-years' floor...
I feel so out of place.
Stay calm.
Gotta give this back and
get out of here quickly.
Wait...
Which class is she in?
Need something?
O-Oh, er, well...
I'm looking for someone.
Who?
N-Nagatoro is her name.
Nagatoro?
She's not in my class.
O-Okay.
Thanks.
Wait, hang on!
Nagatoro...
I think I've heard that name.
What's her first name?
Her name...
Come to think of it...
I can't believe...
Hayacchi strips down for the team, too.
H-Haya...
Haya...
Oh, Hayacchi!
Right, right.
Yeah, now I remember her last name.
Hayacchi is in Class 1-C.
Th-Thanks.
Haya...
Haya-what, I wonder?
She's not here.
What do I do?
I look suspicious standing here.
Nice! Those are some good punches.
The friends!
Now what?
Do I give this to the friends and leave?
Although if they catch me...
Come on, Paisen, stick around for a while.
Stick around!
Time to get out of here.
So, anyway...
More friends this way, too!
'Sup?!
Hey.
Have you had lunch yet?
I'm about to eat now.
We'll be chilling in class, then.
Wanna go to the window side?
What the hell am I doing?
Where's Hayacchi?
She said she's coming.
I'm here!
Nagatoro!
Tomato Juice
Got Royal Tomato Juice!
Here we go with your weird drinks again.
You really like tomato juice, huh?
Rabi-chan got a boyfriend, apparently.
For real?!
For real. The chad guy.
But she said she couldn't stand chad types.
He doesn't count.
He's the good type of chad.
Look at her, being so casual.
Like she's already won at life.
He's good-looking, so...
You can get away with most
things if you're good looking.
Nah, that doesn't really cut it for me.
Well anyway, congratulations
on getting a boyfriend.
I need to sneak out at some point.
Or I'm going to be stuck
here until school's over.
So, what are your types?
I like dependable guys. For sure.
I'm pretty accommodating,
so I'm okay with any type.
So you're a whore.
I can handle any kind of ball.
Call me the guardian angel.
The only problem is that she
ends up crushing on everyone.
What about you, Hayacchi?
You weren't really the dating type before.
These days, you're pretty girly.
Right?
No way. No, I'm not.
Come on! What's your type?
Shoot!
I shouldn't be listening in on this.
Come on!
Me?
Well...
Someone I like hanging out with, I guess.
So plain.
Yeah.
Especially for Toro-chan.
I don't think a normal
guy can keep up with you.
Wh-Why do you care?!
Huh?
What's wrong?
I can't find my phone.
For real?
Did you drop it?
Maybe it's in the club room.
Oh, yeah, maybe.
Speaking of which, I heard you're
spending time in a club room these days.
I know.
S-So what if I am?
Is it a guy?
It's a guy!
A guy!
N-No!
What was that?
I heard a noise just now.
Scary.
Is it a poltergeist?
Or a ghost?
Of course not.
Be careful, Hayacchi.
Trust me, it's nothing.
What are you doing?
You brought it here for me?
Hey, did you find anything?
Huh? No.
Wait, I see Sakura's guardian spirit!
For real?
You do, huh? She's a courtesan, you know.
Senpai, that was actually creepy.
You were the Abominable Locker Monster.
Sorry.
It just kinda happened.
Anyway, it's fine.
Thanks for returning my phone.
Bye.
Senpai.
Were you listening to what I said?
What are you talking about?
For real?!
For real?!?!
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
The school marathon is tomorrow.
Come after me if you're that upset!
Right, Maggot-senpai?
I gotta try to impress her for once.
I won't leave you behind. Don't worry.
I hope you all remember the course.
Yes.
We're going to be outside.
Don't make a lot of noise.
Okay.
Seems like my foot's okay.
Oh, where's Nagatoro?
Ready...
Everyone's sprinting so hard.
I'm gonna go at my own pace.
Senpai!
Let's race, Senpai.
R-Race?
Race!
I-I'm not gonna race.
I'll just run at my own pace.
I know you're slow,
but you might win if you keep it up.
Like the tortoise and the hare.
You might catch us off guard. Who knows?
A nap?
Like the hare?
N-Nah, you lot are more like cats than hares.
"You lot"!
Toro Cats!
The hare!
Cosplay?!
N-No, the president is just
doing it as performance art.
We're gonna have to put our
race with Paisen on hold!
Beat the hare!
Yeah!
S-Sure, good luck, I guess.
The president's a good athlete,
so you're going to have a hard time.
What are you talking about?
It's the turtle that
goes up against the hare!
I can't!
There's no way I can beat her!
You can!
We just need to ram all
of our power into you!
No rest for the turtle!
Our booster...
...got separated.
You could have gone.
It was blinking.
Don't mind us. Just keep going.
Go! And catch her!
That's a death flag!
G-Guys...
We got this!
Let's go, Senpai!
S-Stop pushing!
I'll run as hard as I can.
Oh, fine.
You've been practicing, huh, Senpai?
C-Can you tell?
That's not a bad effort, coming from you.
Even though it's a creepy, squiggly run.
I-I'm not that bad!
Nah, you're that bad.
Squiggly, squiggly, squiggly, squiggly!
Damn it, this kid...
Senpai?
What's wrong?
Nothing, just my ankle...
Is it sprained?
No, well...
It's not really that bad.
I just twisted it a bit yesterday.
You go ahead, Nagatoro.
I'll take it slow.
H-Hey!
Let's get back to the school, Senpai.
It's fine!
You don't need to do that for me.
You can leave me here.
Are you trying to be
considerate or something?
You don't get to do that, Senpai.
N-No, it's not that I'm being considerate...
Quit groaning and let's go, Senpai!
This feels like a scene from a movie, huh?
A movie?
Like a war movie or something.
I'm not gonna make it.
Leave me behind.
Don't be stupid.
And they make it home together.
You know what I mean?
It's a thing, right?
Sure, yeah.
Man, I can never understand
Nagatoro's behavior.
I know you're slow,
but you might win if you keep it up.
She's messing with me and joking
around one moment, and...
It's starting to hurt a lot.
Hop on.
I'll carry you.
N-No, that's going too far.
Are you feeling responsible?
I mean, for my foot.
Not really.
It's nothing like that.
It's because this is faster.
Hurry.
Just shut up and do as I say,
wimpy Turtle-senpai.
E-Err...
I really don't know about
climbing on a girl's back.
Don't underestimate me.
Carrying a twiggy bean
sprout like you is nothing.
No, but...
Just do it!
O-Okay.
Th-This is embarrassing.
And I feel really guilty.
And she's so tiny...
You're amazing, Nagatoro.
This is nothing.
Nothing!
I-It's okay. I'll get off.
No!
Not until we beat that rabbit!
Let me down!
I don't want to risk getting you hurt.
Please.
That was slick!
Especially for you, Paisen.
Yo!
Guys.
We'll take over from here.
Take a slow-ass turtle...
put boosters on it...
and it'll fly!
Y-You're going too fast!
Don't sweat it!
The cat-eared girl and her
friends were no match for me.
Prepare yourself, hare!
She's fast.
Is this the end?
Not yet!
Yoshi!
Roger!
Change formation!
Slipstream!
Slipstream
She's blocking the wind.
We're going faster!
The tortoise beat the hare, Senpai!
Y-Yeah!
Disqualified.
That's fair.
Nagatoro hasn't been in here for two days.
She isn't messaging me, either.
O-Oh, no...
Senpai...
I can't believe you were
eavesdropping from the locker.
You're way too creepy.
I'm not coming anymore.
I-I should ask her what's up.
How?
Creep
So?
How?
So...
So what?!
Jeez, Yoshi!
Friends punch! Friends punch!
H-Hey!
Oh, Paisen.
Don't scare me like that.
Sorry.
Don't.
You've never said hi to us before.
A rarity.
What's this beat for?!
For real!
N-Nah, I just haven't seen Nagatoro
in a while, so I was wondering...
Are you worried?
You're at that age?
N-No, not really.
Actually...
Yeah.
She's at home with a cold.
I-Is she all right?
Yeah.
She's mostly better already.
She said she should be back tomorrow.
O-Okay.
Paisen, do you know where she lives?
Y-Yeah, I do.
Trigonometric Functions
Equations Involving 180 - Θ
Trigonometric Identities
Use 1 and 2 to prove that 3 is true.
Here. Take this.
Huh?
Give this to her.
Bye.
Thanks, Paisen.
Thanks!
Here I am.
The Nagatoro House.
And I bought a gift.
No one's answering.
N-No!
Senpai...
You there, hold still.
I'm gonna report you real quick.
N-No! Err...
S-S-Sorry!
I j-just thought she
might have passed out!
Sure, sure.
You can tell the police all about it.
I-I-I'm from school!
I b-brought her homework!
And a gift!
You...
Are you Senpai-kun?
Yes. Probably.
I see, I see.
So you're the one.
You came to check up on my kid sister, huh?
Thanks.
Kid sister...
Anetoro?!
Points of improvement for today!
That was some good running today, Paisen.
Lightning!
You looked good.
F-Friends...
Thanks.
Should we go with no points
of improvement this time?
Oh?
What about the trespassing?
New character!